docs/user_guide/docs_guidelines.rst: Added a new section (#1497)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: docs/user_guide/docs_guidelines.rst

:external+doctools:ref:`docs_guidelines` first **and** the additional guidelines
below specific to the HDL repository.

Before creating a new page
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This section has the sole role to present the steps that are required to be
able to create and build a new documentation related page. Some steps are
recommended to be revised regularly to keep the necessary tools updated. 

First, make sure you have the latest version of ``pip`` installed. It must be
newer than 23 version. If not, update it by running the following command:

.. code-block::

   pip install pip --upgrade

> Than install the necessary documentation tools by running (assuming the :git-hdl:`HDL <>`
> repository is the working directory):
> 
> .. code-block::
>    
>    cd docs/
>    pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade
> 
> It's recommended to regularly update the documentation tools. This is done by
> running the following command:
> 
> .. code-block::
>    
>    cd docs/
>    pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then install the necessary documentation tools by running (:git-hdl:`HDL <>`
repository is the working directory):

.. code-block::
   
   cd docs/
   pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade

Use the same command to regularly update the documentation tools.
Specially if something looks broken.
```

Before building a page, it's recommended to build all the projects from
``/library``. Some references (files used in specific parts of the page) are
directly taken from the libraries' project folder (e.g.: ``/library/axi_dmac/component.xml``)
after being built. Build the libraries by running:

.. code-block::
   
   cd library/
   make

Now, after the page has been written, inside ``/docs`` folder run the following
command:

.. code-block::
   
   cd docs/
   make html

The generated documentation will be available at ``/docs/_build/html``.

> It's recommended to clean the cached data when rebuilding a page and major
> changes have been made. This is done by running the below commands (inside
> ``/docs`` folder):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to clean the cached data when changing the document structure,
like adding a new page, or other major changes have been made.
This is because Sphinx rebuilds only "touched" pages and, for example, 
adding a page changes the sidebar navigation for all pages.
This is done by running the below commands (inside ``/docs`` folder):
```
